Matthew 16:8
  Which when Jesus perceived, he said unto them, O ye of little faith, why reason ye among yourselves, because ye have brought no bread?

Matthew 20:13
  But he answered one of them, and said, Friend, I do thee no wrong: didst not thou agree with me for a penny?

Mark 9:12
  And he answered and told them, Elias verily cometh first, and restoreth all things; and how it is written of the Son of man, that he must suffer many things, and be set at nought.

Mark 12:38
  And he said unto them in his doctrine, Beware of the scribes, which love to go in long clothing, and love salutations in the marketplaces,

Mark 16:7
  But go your way, tell his disciples and Peter that he goeth before you into Galilee: there shall ye see him, as he said unto you.

Luke 5:24
  But that ye may know that the Son of man hath power upon earth to forgive sins, (he said unto the sick of the palsy,) I say unto thee, Arise, and take up thy couch, and go into thine house.

Luke 9:14
  For they were about five thousand men. And he said to his disciples, Make them sit down by fifties in a company.

Luke 9:23
  And he said to them all, If any man will come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross daily, and follow me.

Luke 9:33
  And it came to pass, as they departed from him, Peter said unto Jesus, Master, it is good for us to be here: and let us make three tabernacles; one for thee, and one for Moses, and one for Elias: not knowing what he said.

Luke 12:22
  And he said unto his disciples, Therefore I say unto you, Take no thought for your life, what ye shall eat; neither for the body, what ye shall put on.

Luke 12:54
  And he said also to the people, When ye see a cloud rise out of the west, straightway ye say, There cometh a shower; and so it is.

Luke 13:20
  And again he said, Whereunto shall I liken the kingdom of God?

Luke 13:23
  Then said one unto him, Lord, are there few that be saved? And he said unto them,

Luke 15:17
  And when he came to himself, he said, How many hired servants of my father's have bread enough and to spare, and I perish with hunger!

Luke 16:1
  And he said also unto his disciples, There was a certain rich man, which had a steward; and the same was accused unto him that he had wasted his goods.

Luke 17:20
  And when he was demanded of the Pharisees, when the kingdom of God should come, he answered them and said, The kingdom of God cometh not with observation:

Luke 17:22
  And he said unto the disciples, The days will come, when ye shall desire to see one of the days of the Son of man, and ye shall not see it.

Luke 18:4
  And he would not for a while: but afterward he said within himself, Though I fear not God, nor regard man;

Luke 18:22
  Now when Jesus heard these things, he said unto him, Yet lackest thou one thing: sell all that thou hast, and distribute unto the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven: and come, follow me.

Luke 18:24
  And when Jesus saw that he was very sorrowful, he said, How hardly shall they that have riches enter into the kingdom of God!

Luke 19:19
  And he said likewise to him, Be thou also over five cities.

Luke 19:24
  And he said unto them that stood by, Take from him the pound, and give it to him that hath ten pounds.

Luke 22:52
  Then Jesus said unto the chief priests, and captains of the temple, and the elders, which were come to him, Be ye come out, as against a thief, with swords and staves?

Luke 23:46
  And when Jesus had cried with a loud voice, he said, Father, into thy hands I commend my spirit: and having said thus, he gave up the ghost.

John 6:26
  Jesus answered them and said, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Ye seek me, not because ye saw the miracles, but because ye did eat of the loaves, and were filled.

John 6:61
  When Jesus knew in himself that his disciples murmured at it, he said unto them, Doth this offend you?

John 8:10
  When Jesus had lifted up himself, and saw none but the woman, he said unto her, Woman, where are those thine accusers? hath no man condemned thee?

John 13:10
  Jesus saith to him, He that is washed needeth not save to wash his feet, but is clean every whit: and ye are clean, but not all.

John 13:12
  So after he had washed their feet, and had taken his garments, and was set down again, he said unto them, Know ye what I have done to you?

John 19:30
  When Jesus therefore had received the vinegar, he said, It is finished: and he bowed his head, and gave up the ghost.

John 21:15
  So when they had dined, Jesus saith to Simon Peter, Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me more than these? He saith unto him, Yea, Lord; thou knowest that I love thee. He saith unto him, Feed my lambs.

John 21:23
  Then went this saying abroad among the brethren, that that disciple should not die: yet Jesus said not unto him, He shall not die; but, If I will that he tarry till I come, what is that to thee?

Revelation 21:5
  And he that sat upon the throne said, Behold, I make all things new. And he said unto me, Write: for these words are true and faithful.

